>> Steve Kinney: Okay, so we're gonna
build an application now, right?
And this is gonna be a little bit
of you're going to built it and
then we're gonna build it together, but
let's take a tour of the application.
So this is a second repo,
I think it's actually the third one
on the list, it's called Jetsetter.
And Jetsetter looks a little bit like
this when it's fully wired up, which is
It's not a to do list, to do lists are
overplayed, I'm not making a to do list.
It's a list of items that I want to
pack that I can check on or off.
When you joke, but I use this app.
I actually built an electron
version of it and
I, and basically you can have a bunch
of unpacked items, you can pack them.
And then when it's time for the next trip,
you just hit mark all as unpacked and
you can pack again,
because I travel too much.
So, we can see some different parts of it,
over at the top we have a new item input,
right?
We were talking a little
bit about inputs and
like what's long term state
versus a thermal state.
So just put a mental bookmark there.
Those two other very fancy
red boxes are filters,
mostly to just implement features later.
I have never actually wanted
to filter these lists, but
they are simply so that we can play
around some statement a little bit.
Then we have the list, right?
And there are individual items, and
there's two things an individual
item can do, right?
It's got a check box which
means it can be marked, and
if it is marked as Packed,
it goes down to the other list, right?
Let's think about how we have
to figure out that state, and
where that state has to belong,
cuz it's not isolated component.
And we have removed,
which will simple remove if from the list.
So, there's a lot of slightly tricky
things to think about here, right?
Normally the best way to kind of break
apart a mockup that you get from
a designer, into react off and
just kind of like look at and
draw like boxes over each part, right?.
But we have a little bit of a problem
with those items can move back and
forth between the two list, right?
Which means they're probably not
gonna belong into either one of those
item list components, but they'll
probably have to go one level up, right?
Where we'll filter out between
the packed items and the unpacked items,
and there are all sorts of things to
worry about with filtering performance.
Don't worry about performance right now,
we'll talk about that in
three weeks if you want.
That's a plug, I'm gonna do another
workshop in three weeks on performance.
So, don't worry about performance,
we just wanna figure out
where should this state go?
And probably like can it
be individualized, and
then where does managing actually for
individual item go, right?
How does that work?
The filtering,
the filtering seems like per list, right?
So that probably goes
maybe on the list itself.
There's a lot of like Interesting
little edges cases to this, otherwise,
seems like a simple to do list app, right?
If you look at that marked
all as unpacked, right?
That theoretically needs to work with
all of the items that's not specific to
a list, right?
So, it looks like a to-do list, it's
got a bunch of little weird edge cases
that are probably gonna trip us up a bit.
So what we'll do is we'll spend
about 30 minutes trying to
get a working version of this application.
Being able to add a new item, being able
to filter the list, being able to check
an item, to move it to the pack list or
uncheck it to move it to the unpack list.
Being able to remove an item, and the
thing I didn't talk about there is we also
have counts of each one of them as well
as how many items are on that list.
So if we go to the repo, you can see that
I've done a little bit of work for you,
and so I'll head over there.
>> Steve Kinney: On the master branch.
There is some work on for you, and
I will actually pull it open as well.
>> Steve Kinney: See if I get yield off
and not killing the previous server, yeah,
we'll run it at likely 3001.
>> Steve Kinney: Give it a second
as create(rabdeck) starts up, and
you'll see what I've left you with.
So, I did some CSS for
you, that's very nice.
I put in this counter about your Lyft
coming in ten minutes that we'll worry
about later, that was very nice of me.
Let's add a new item.
I can't even type in the info field,
that is problematic,
because there is no actual
state in this application yet.
Let's take a look at the implementation so
far.
So I can go in to source and
in to components, and if I look at my
application, I have a list of default
items that you saw on that page.
But, here's just a bunch of helpful
comments left for you, right?
Setting the initial state, how are you
going to manipulate the states?
Where maybe wanna get items from state?
There are some presentational
components built for you, but
there's no concept of necessary
working with this state yet.
So you're gonna be on your
own to thing about it.
And you see that I have two items lists,
like the unpacked item should go probably
in the one title unpacked items.
But like again you're, your own person.
Packed items should go in
the packed items array.
We've got this button, so
we can go into the items.
>> Steve Kinney: And you can see that it's
got a filter bar that has term set to
string, and a update search term
that doesn't do anything right now,
so you're gonna have to figure that out.
And the we have the ability to
filter implement it here, but
that could probably get pulled out,
but you don't have to.
And then, we map over those to
create individual items, right?
There is a little bit of
work to do to wire these up
going into the individual item,
you can see it's got an on change,
it shows the item value,
so on and so forth, right?
So we're gonna have to figure
out where does the state
go in this application, right?
If we're gonna change an item
in the item component, but
the individual item lives somewhere else.
How do we get that functionality
down to it, right?
There's a bunch of problems that we're
gonna need to solve, and I'm gonna let you
solve them for a little bit, and then what
we'll do is we will come back together and
we'll solve it as a team cuz
who's not into teamwork?
And I'll kinda show you one approach
that we are eventually going to then
refactor several times over
the course of the workshop.